All right, let's try to visualize our cart on the screen, and so what we're going to do in the checkout
screen is we're going to add our cart card like our restaurant card and then our cart information in
a raw form.
We're going to try to do that.
Now, the first thing we need to do is we need to go over to our App Navigator because in our app,
the Navigator is where the majority of our contacts live.
So what we're going to do is we're going to add cart context provider and the cart context provider
is going to come from services cart cart the complex.
Right.
And by doing this by wrapping this down here, what we can do now is enable subsequently all of the
components beneath it to get the cart information now in order to do that.
Now, what we're going to say here is use context and then we're going to import.
If we go back over here.
Well, actually, that's just important in a proper way.
Let's do import.
And then we'll do kaat context.
And we'll say from dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, slash and C services cart and they'll say
Calthorpe context.
And by doing this, we can now say over here, return.
Turn and so say Consed.
Cart is equal to the U.S. context of Kaat context.
All right, and what we can then do is, for instance, import text from Riak native.
Right.
Quickly get a text box going.
And put it down here or maybe up here, let's put text, text.
And let's do a Jason thought string ify this whole string of the information, so transform it into
text of khat.
And if we do that and we go over here to khat, undefined is not an object using khat context.
So is this actually the value that I need to be importing?
Let's go look over here.
We can see export cost, khat context.
So I'm importing khat context.
Undefined is not a value.
So let's go take a look here in the values.
I am exposing khat.
So what exactly is going on here?
And so if we if we quickly go look over here in our terminal.
And we.
What will be able to see is.
Context is not so let's console that log cart context.
And see if that gives us anything.
So by doing that.
Let's Consolo all get outside here that way we at least get it so kaat context does have a value, right?
And context is allowing us access, so let's do let's just quickly do context here.
And instead of doing this, let's just put a string here for now and let's cancel that log the context
here.
And let's see what we get.
So if we reload here and then we go over to our checkout screen, what we'll be able to see if we scroll
up here is undefined.
And if we go ahead and take a look at our car context, we can see that we made a minor typo right here.
This is supposed to be value.
And so if we fix that up and then we go to our checkout screen, where we're going to see here is that
if we reload and we scroll to the bottom cart now has all of the values, small, minor typo caused
a lot of grief, though.
And so over here now we can take the card off of the context and we can put the cart inside of JSON
that string Afie and over here, then we'll see an empty array and we'll see the array populate as we
implement our feature set.
And so if we head on over to the restaurant detail screen inside of the restaurant detail screen is
where we will be implementing our button and will be doing it outside of the scroll view of the coffee,
the coke and like the menu.
Right.
Basically outside of there.
What we're going to be doing is we're going to be putting a spacer and that spacer is going to create
some space between the menu and our order button.
So we're going to say position well, actually, between the bottom and our button, rather, we already
have sufficient space between the menu.
So if we put bottom and then we put size equal to large, what we're going to put inside here is something
called a order button.
And that order button is going to be a component that we're going to get.
So first of all, we need our space here in here.
So let's go ahead and get our spacer.
Let's rather let's just do import spacer and let's do that from and say, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot,
dot, slash component spacer and then spacer that component.
And then once we have our Spizer, our order button is going to come from, well, you guessed it.
It's going to come from a style styles file.
So in order for us to do that, what we're going to need to build is a new file over here right inside
of components.
And we're going to call that well inside of restaurant lists, files, rather.
And so what we're going to do is we're going to export CONSED and we're going to say order button here
in that order button is going to be of type.
Styled button.
And that button is going to come from react need of paper, so we're going to import the button component
from react native paper.
And so now that we have that button component, we can put it over here and then we can say that it
works like this.
Now, one more thing we need to do to this button component is we need to give it colors.
So we're going to say attributes like we've done in the past, and we're going to say that the color
is colors, dot brand, thought primary.
That's one more thing we want to do inside of here.
Now, Colors is an imported here.
So we're going to say import colors from Volvox, thoughts about infrastructure, and then we're going
to see theme and we're going to take the colors.
And with that, we now have all of our colors, then what we need to do is we need to set a padding
on this.
So we're going to say padding and we're going to do props.
And there's always props, thought theme dot space.
We're going to select the second spacing on this because that's what we need.
Then we're going to say that this button only has a width of 80 percent and we're going to align it
self to the center, and by putting all of these properties ahead of time, what we can do now is in
the restaurant detail screen.
Well, we're going to go ahead and we're going to import order button.
From thoughts, component's restaurant lists, styles, and by having this order button here.
What we need to do now is we need to give it some.
So we'll say order button and we'll say order special, only twelve ninety nine.
OK, so by doing this now, if we go inside of into any of these.
Well, now we're seeing the actual button pop up, right, we're seeing it happen right before our eyes,
but it's not really coming along the way that we would expect it to look.
So we're going to say mode is equal to contained.
And by doing that, now, it's all filled in, that's the button we want to see, this is what it's
supposed to look like.
OK, well, we'll also give it an icon and we'll say that the icon is equal to cash dash USD.
And by doing that, now, there's a little icon here that's looking a lot better.
And one more thing we need to do on press, and this is going to be a function that's going to actually
implement what's going to happen when you add the cart.
OK, so we have our button, right?
We have our cart visualized here.
And we have our we have everything set up to go, but we don't have our cart inside of you.
So one more thing we're going to need here is we're going to need to import Kaat context.
We're going to import that from our thoughts, our thoughts about slash services, cart cart context.
Right, and so by doing that now, what we can do is we can say use context.
And we can say const.
Or rather, add to cart is equal to the U.S. context of cart counting.
And now that we have add to cart.
We can basically add the cart over and that's exactly what we want to do, right?
We want to add to CART and we want to say that our item is special.
And then what we want to see right, is that the price is twelve, ninety nine.
And the reason we're going to put the price like this is because the expectation is that the rounding
happens at the last two numbers.
So if we have twelve dollars it would be like this.
In this case this is twelve ninety nine.
So the rounding happens at the last two numbers, this would be one hundred twenty dollars and 99 cents.
This would be one hundred twenty dollars.
So that's the way that Strib is expecting the price to come in.
OK, so knowing that we can now add the cart and if we hit this button, what we're going to see here
items special.
Twelve ninety nine.
Amazing.
But there's one issue here, right?
There's one small issue.
We didn't add the restaurant.
So what is the restaurant right now?
Well, let's go take a look at the checkout screen if we pull in the current restaurant.
And we said, hey, show me the current restaurant.
Well, that's not going to have a value at all.
So if we said restaurant.
That doesn't have a value.
So there's one more thing we need to actually do in our.
Restaurant details screen that we've forgotten to do, right, and that is we need to pass in the current
restaurant, that was the second parameter.
So if we take the current restaurant and we say, add the cart, this item to this restaurant.
Now, if we go over here and we hit this again, now we see the full restaurant and we see that our
cart has two specials.